Tang Yuxin
Yo, isn't this our Miss Tang?
You are so haunted
Are you turning your face so quickly?
How could you do this in bed the other day?
Go away wait
Go away, but I'm curious.
What is it?
Can you make our Miss Tang so nervous?
You give it back to me
Are you hurt?
You're pregnant?
Say it somewhere else
Hey
Could that be my child?
What nonsense are you talking about?
I'm talking nonsense
That man, Mr. Gu, has he ever touched you?
I have my own chance.
What's going on?
I'll tell you about a play.
The attractive force thinks they're sleeping
Then he would rather wash the blood for me
This idea
You vicious woman
If you dare to get rid of our child
I'll take everything you do
Tell Gui Ming all